Family marriage
I don't know how many girls that guy killed
I really don't want to marry him if it's ok
Okay, let's not talk about it.
I can help you with anything you need.
Thanks.
No invitation
Invitation letter, this is the Xiao family auction
We can't be named now
Please come back, this auction must be sent
Xiao Lingtian deliberately didn't say anything about the invitation letter again
Are you trying to make things difficult for me?
Yo
Isn't this Chen Tianzi? Why did you come to Jinqiao?
Hi, long time no see.
I heard that your woman was arrested by Master Xiang
What a pity!
A guy like you can't even get through the door of the auction
Your woman can talk